(THEME MUSIC PLAYING)
My name is Everett.
Everett Ross, from the Agency.
SHURI: Everett Ross,
former air force pilot and now CIA.
I don't trust anybody, not in this job.
You step out of line, you deal with me.
Please, step out of line.
(SPEAKING XHOSA)
Huh.
REPORTER: Officials have released
a video of a suspect...
who they have identified
as James Buchanan Barnes.
I wasn't in Vienna.
I don't do that anymore.
(INDISTINCT SHOUTING)
ROGERS: What's gonna happen to him?
ROSS: Same thing
that ought to happen to you.
Psychological evaluation
and extradition.
Come on, guys, get me eyes on Barnes.
So how does it feel?
Spend all that time,
all that effort...
to see it fail so spectacularly?
Did it?
(UPBEAT MUSIC PLAYING)
-Agent Ross.
-Your Highness.
You are buying from Klaue.
Got the diamonds?
Okay. That's enough.
Vibranium?
What do you actually know
about Wakanda?
Wakanda is a third world country
and you stole all their vibranium.
(LAUGHING) I stole...
How much more are you hiding?
Get down!
All right, where am I?
Don't scare me like that, colonizer!
ROSS: Bullet wounds
don't just magically heal overnight.
SHURI: They do here.
But not by magic, by technology.
A man showed up at the border
who claims to have killed Klaue.
He's one of ours.
Erik Stevens.
Started calling him Killmonger.
These guys are serious.
His unit used to work with the CIA
to destabilize foreign countries.
No.
NAKIA: The king is dead.
Come with me,
unless you want to join him.
-(T'CHALLA GASPS)
-(RAMONDA EXCLAIMING)
SHURI: The Black Panther lives.
And when he fights
for the fate of Wakanda...
I will be right there beside him.
ROSS: I'm in, too.
You're gonna need all the help
you can get.
AUTOMATED VOICE:
Remote piloting system activated.
-Yes!
The President wants to
take offensive action against Wakanda.
Well, Special Officer Ross is our expert.
Ross, what do you think?
I think it would be a mistake
to attack Wakanda.
Otherwise we're gonna
find ourselves at war...
with a country whose military capacity...
we can't even comprehend.
Director?
I think he's the expert.
We are looking for the scientist
who built the vibranium detector.
You owe me, Ross.
You owe my brother.
ROSS: We got a new director.
She's watching me like a hawk.
-Director de Fontaine.
-Really?
-(DEVICE CHIMES)
-What is that?
-That's a new ringtone?
-Shit.
Director,
I'm gonna have to take this.
Enough with the titles. Just take it.
Actually, wouldn't mind...
apologizing to you for a couple of things
I said during our marriage.
Yeah, your olive oil's about to go bad.
What are you doing here?
DE FONTAINE: The Beads.
Everett Ross.
DE FONTAINE: I had them bugged...
I've been privy to
every conversation you've had...
including that treasonous call
with the Queen.
The Wakandans saved my life.
They're a good people.
Val. Val, please.
It's Director de Fontaine.
AGENT 1: What the hell is this?
Why don't you go check it out?
-Ah! (SIGHS)
-A colonizer in chains.
Now I have seen everything.
Funny.